>> Shirley Wu: So
the first example I want to give is axes.
So these are axes, these beautiful things.
And as you might imagine,
axes are extremely important to make
sure that your data is readable.
Because if you notice something.
We've been making these
really fun bar charts and
radio charts thus far, except there
is no labelling on them, and so
[LAUGH] without that context you
don't know what's going on, right?
And here too, these bar charts and
stuff are kind of fun, and
at least you have some colors in there.
But then if you don't have axes,
you don't know what time frame this is.
You don't know what this y axis is.
So axes are extremely important
in data visualization.
For the readability of your chart, and
the good thing is D3 makes it really,
really, easy.
And they make it really, really,
easy because if you think about it,
to render this whole thing with SVG,
that's like,
a bunch of text elements,
a bunch of line elements,
a bunch of path elements, and
you've already seen how much work that is.
And you can see in this,
this is kind of like the DOM
the DOM elements required to
like just draw this one thing.
It's like, at the beginning of the day,
you are like, these path elements are not
fun, or having to hand coat these as SVG
elements are not going to be fun so.
Same thing for
drawing these axes, like you don't want to
be hand coding axes every single time for
your visualization and
D3 makes that really, really easy for you.
But on the flip side,
that's why it needs access to the DOM so
that it can do all of these
SVG elements for you.
And so, it's really quite easy to do axes.
So create a D3 axes generator.
axisLeft, axisBottom are the ones I
usually use at the beginning of the React
lifecycle.
And set the corresponding scales so
all we have to do is axisLeft and
then pass in, in this case,
we're trying to do the y-axis.
So pass in the y-scale that
we already have from earlier.
And then create an SVG group
element in the render.
And finally, a componentDidUpdate
call the axis on the group element.
And that's all it takes.
These three parts will draw
this on the screen for you.
It's really quite nice.